hey everyone today I'm going to be
showing you how to achieve this smokey
eye look which you could make even more
dramatic by adding a fall / and I can do
a more subtle look for daytime if you'd
like me to just comment below and I hope
you enjoy okay so first I'm going to
take my Bobby Brown corrector in light
bisque and Pat it under the eye next I'm
taking my Bobby Brown duo and i'm just
going to use the ivory just to pad out
the salmon color here just around the
edge so it blends a bit better into the
foundation that I've already got on I'm
going to be taking brulee from mac and a
Bobby Brown blending brush and just
going to use this all across the lid and
right up to the brow bone bone as a base
next I'm taking a shimmer eyeshadow from
version v in the color Snow Queen and
I'm going to use a another body shop
shadow brush just to highlight the
inside of the eye here
and to go under the Bible using the
color charcoal from Revlon and my number
15 to now eyeshadow brush I am just
going to sweep this across the whole of
the lid
and you didn't have to worry about how
it looks at the moment because it's all
going to be blended out I'm now going to
blend this harsh line aight with the
same body shop brush that i use to put
brulee on at the beginning and you're
just going to softly take that across
the lid where the to wear the white and
the dark meat now taking night star from
my virgin v palette and a small body
shop fresh i'm just going to pop this
color into the outer corner just here
and just into the crease just to darken
this even more and they're not going to
blend this I'm just going to Pat it in
now going back to the Revlon color I'm
just going to use this brow and lash
styler from vision and just because it's
an angled brush and I'm just going to
take the shadow under the eye I'm not
going to go all the way across I'm just
going to join it up to the I to the top
part here and go probably just
two-thirds across I'm now going to fill
in my brows using sable from Bobbi Brown
and my number twelve bribe rush from
Chanel
now using a black eye pencil from Rimmel
in the color jet black I'm just going to
line my waterline
and the top as well
I'm now going to apply my amazing eyes
eyeliner from number seven in the color
black
just taking this along the edge of the I
shall line towards the end of your brow
I'm now going to curl my eyelashes
squeeze that for about five seconds and
apply my intimate able intense mascara
in number ten and here's the finished
look and you can make this even more
dramatic by adding a fall / if you like
and if you'd like to see me do a less
and more subtle and smokey I can do that
for you as well and I've listed all of
the products that I'm wearing on my face
today in the description bar below and I
hope you enjoyed the tutorial thank you
for watching
you